What is the largest mammal in the world? : whale
What is the main ingredient in guacamole? : avocado
In which year did the Titanic sink? : 1912
In which year did World War II end? : 1945
What does Volkswagen, the popular German car, mean in English? : people's peoples
In what month is the official first day of summer in the Northern Hemisphere? : June
What does the Latin word 'circa' mean when preceding a date? : around
Spinach consumption rose by over 33% in the USA in 1931. What is the main reason commentators give for this? : Popeye
What is the name given to a screwdriver with a four pointed pattern? : phillips
What is the colloquial name for a New Zealander? : kiwi
On a standard computer keyboard, what is the only vowel that isn't on the top row of letters? : a
You are on the Salisbury Plain. What ancient monument are you looking at? : Stonehenge
Who was the first President of the United States? : George Washington
Who is credited with discovering America? : Columbus
Which English lady went to the Crimea to nurse the soldiers and became famous? : Nightingale
Where were the Declaration of Independence, the Constitution, and the Bill of Rights stored during World War II? : Knox
Originally, Amazon only sold what kind of product? : books
Who painted the Mona Lisa? : Leonardo da Vinci
Who was the first woman to win a Nobel Prize? : Curie Sklodowska
What was the original purpose of the tiny pocket in jeans? : watch watches
Chrome, Safari, Firefox and Explorer are different types of what? : browsers
Demolition of the Berlin wall separating East and West Germany began in what year? : 1989
In the Catholic Church, the Bishop of Rome is a title more commonly known as what? : Pope
Which country originated the sport of curling? : Scotland
What is the title of the most famous George Orwells book? : 1984
What is the national sport of Japan? : Sumo
What is Muhammad Ali’s name at birth? : Cassius Clay
How many bones do sharks have? : zero none
Which animal is the fastest on land? : cheetah
What do you call animals that eat everything (meat, plants and fish)? : omnivores